The president of the United States
is not God, gentlemen.
His judgment is not final.
He has judged you
to be human-rights violators...
...drug traffickers,
impediments to democracy...
...and he has signed
executive order 13405...
...freezing 760 million euros
of your money.
My judgment is that
you are sanctioned businessmen...
...with no cash
to run your business, so...
...six hundred million euros...
...secured on a tarmac in a plane...
...less than 14 kilometers
from this room.
Your money, gentlemen...
...to do with as you please.
Infrastructure, weapons...
...medicine, sex, drugs, rock 'n' roll.
It matters not to me.
All I ask in return...
...is a market rate on the loan
until your assets are unfrozen...
...at which point
you will transfer them to me.
You offer 600 and expect 760
when sanctions are lifted.
Yes, 160 million...
...plus interest for substituting
my judgment for the president's.
You can keep the plane.
I have three quarters of a billion
in cash parked at MSQ.
If you let me go now, it's yours.
Do you, now?
My team seized that after you
cut the feed to the conference room.
Can we keep the plane?
Hello, Oscar.
I trust you secured the package.
And his cargo.
Shall I deduct the balance of my fee
from the cash at hand?
Yes, and direct a generous contribution
in Le Bron's name...
...to the Belarusian Refugee Fund.
- All of it?
- Don't be absurd.
Oh, and Oscar, that plane...
...is mine.
Iranian mullahs, Mexican cartels...
...radical despots.
Your government
declares them enemies...
...and freezes their assets
to influence their behavior.
Economic sanctions
are relatively easy to implement...
...and historically effective, until now.
Agent Navabi, would you be so kind?
René Le Bron...
...financier of terrorist states
and criminal organizations.
When your government
freezes their assets...
...Le Bron offers them sizable loans...
...rendering the sanctions toothless...
...and affording the bad actors
the ability...
...to continue
conducting business as usual.
When the sanctions are lifted,
Le Bron makes a hefty profit...
...by pocketing the frozen assets...
...he insisted his borrowers
put up as collateral.
Brilliant idea. Sick, but brilliant.
Yes, Donald.
Truth be told, I'm disappointed
I didn't think of it.
Why bother
when you can have us arrest him...
...and take his place?
- Good point.
- Sorry, did I miss something?
- Is this about going after Kirk and...?
- Finding my daughter? No. It isn't.
Apparently, empire-building
takes precedence.
Alexander Kirk is a client of Le Bron's.
After your government froze Kirk's
assets, he turned to Le Bron for a loan.
You always give us someone
six degrees of separation from Kirk.
I intercepted Le Bron
in Minsk closing a deal.
He's willing to cooperate, but on
a condition I am powerless to fulfill:
immunity from prosecution.
So, you think that he'll cooperate
in exchange for witness protection?
One can hardly expect unconditional
virtue from creatures like René Le Bron.
So I've learned.
I'll have to clear immunity
with Cynthia Panabaker.
Ressler, Navabi, Aram, clear
the logistics for transfer of custody.
Keen, a word?
I can't pretend to know
the stress you're under.
He's doing everything in his power
to find Agnes.
And kill Kirk.
- You have a problem with that?
- Alexander Kirk is my father.
- You have proof?
- Yes.
DNA evidence
of who my father is...
...and who's been lying to me
for three years.
I don't know how you bear it,
but we have a job to do...
...and we can't do it
without Reddington.
I'll do my job...
...but I am done cozying up
to that snake.
- Tough morning.
- Here.
This should lift the mood.
I've got some leftover lemon chicken.
Ho Kow crispy beef.
- You're gonna have it for lunch.
- Thanks, but I'm good.
I've also got Paco's Tacos.
She went all out.
It's why I'm late.
Wait, how'd you know?
Obviously, no one
would buy all that for themselves.
She clearly wants
to make a good impression.
Yeah. Yeah, I guess.
- Is that a problem?
- No.
She's beautiful and smart.
She's an 11. I mean, I'm a six.
Four on most days.
Don't get me wrong,
I am going to enjoy it, but...
...something is up.
Maybe I'm her rebound guy...
...or she's got
three months to live, or...
Or maybe she thinks you're a handsome,
smart, incredibly nice guy...
- ...who's easy to be around?
- Really?
You think so?
No. But she might.
Cynthia Panabaker.
Harold.
Tell me you can
sit in for poker night.
I simply cannot afford
another empty chair.
Still on, as far as I know.
Got news.
Major break in the Kirk case...
...but I need immunity
for the informant.
- Name?
- René Le Bron.
Yes? What is it?
Yeah, we got a problem.
I just received confirmation
from the farm.
Reddington was behind
the Le Bron abduction.
If the FBI manages to turn him...
...they can track and seize
all of your remaining assets.
Shall I deal with it?
I've already acquired
the details of his transport.
Yes. Anything else?
It appears the seeds of doubt
you sowed in Masha...
...have taken root.
It's time to reach out.
- Take adequate precautions.
- Adequate precautions?
She's a key consultant
for the FBI.
Yes, and she's my daughter.
Get down!
- Yes?
- We lost the asset.
Single shot, fatal.
The shooter gave us the slip.
Thank you, Harold.
Le Bron is dead...
...right on schedule.
Time to send out the invitations.
Good morning.
How long were you staring at me?
All night.
Nick's Pizza.
Welcome.
Hi. Okay, so...
...electronics,
all electronics, phones.
It's like airport security.
One at a time.
Put your arms up for me.
Okay, next.
You're good. Thank you.
Just close the door behind you, sir.
Next.
Welcome to the past.
This space is impregnable...
...to every frequency
of wireless transmission...
...including microwaves.
Every piece of equipment
you see is analogue.
Our sole concession
to the digital revolution...
...is a Ms. Pac-Man machine
in the break room.
But why?
- Because I like Ms. Pac-Man.
- No, why this museum?
- We've been breached.
- Wait a minute.
- You two have been working together?
- Yes.
Our public disagreement
was staged for Kirk's benefit.
- He's got a tap into the Post Office?
- I know it.
- Le Bron's death was proof.
- You sicced us on Le Bron as a test.
You knew if Kirk was listening
and knew we were going after Le Bron...
- ...he'd try to get to him.
- We set the bait, he took it.
- Human sacrifice.
- I prefer the term "tethered goat."
Besides, Harold,
the man was a degenerate...
...and his death denies pariah states
access to ready cash...
...putting teeth back in the sanctions...
...your country imposes
with such tumescence.
So we have a mole. Who?
Not who. What.
Our system. It's been hacked.
Impossible.
We've got more firewalls
than the NSA's Utah data center...
...and I personally turn it inside out
every morning.
It is a bit-banger's nightmare.
Unhackable.
Which tells us exactly
who the culprits are.
The Thrushes,
a crew that hacks the unhackable.
Created in 1982
by a charismatic Bulgarian genius...
Excuse me, sweetheart.
...Plemen Radkov.
He was arrested in 1986
by the KGB...
...and died seven months later
in a Siberian gulag.
After that,
the Thrushes went underground.
Their specialty
is not only cracking systems...
...but doing so without leaving a trace
of their intrusion.
The Thrushes choose their clientele
based on two criteria:
cash and the technical challenge
of the hack.
2009. The Ankara-Istanbul
high-speed railway system.
Faulty ultrasound software
failed to detect stress fractures...
...leading to a disastrous test run
costing the Turkish government billions.
Crap. Crappers. Sorry. I got it.
Crap. Crap. I got it.
Last year...
...a top-secret nuclear-fuel-enrichment
plant outside of Jaipur, India.
Motor-speed variations destroyed
1200 industrial centrifuges.
A colleague at the British embassy
was lead on that case.
Thirty-eight people died,
thousands were exposed to radiation...
...but they never found a hack.
In both cases,
powerful interests stood to gain...
...and now Alexander Kirk.
Full access to all voice
and digital transmissions...
...generated by the very people
dedicated to taking him down.
I've heard enough.
Shut down the system.
No, Harold,
this presents a unique opportunity...
...to feed Kirk disinformation.
Like the conversation
we had in your office.
If he thinks I'm done with Reddington,
he might reach out.
Or he might not.
In the meantime, you're asking me
to allow a terrorist organization...
...continued access
to classified data.
This goes way beyond our operation.
Our system's connected
to the NSA...
...the CIA, the state, the White House.
If we were to do this...
...I'd have to clear it
with Panabaker.
Samar, reach out
to your contact at the embassy.
Review the Jaipur incident.
Aram, go to the Post Office.
Call the NSA and tear our system apart.
Discreetly. We don't want them
to think we're on to them.
We'll put every line of code
under a microscope.
We have to find these hackers. Now.
That act of yours between you
and Reddington had me going.
Oh, it wasn't an act.
I'm only putting up with Reddington
and his lies until we get Agnes back.
Harold, you are one bubble off plumb.
You think I'm gonna sit back while
how many horses run out of the barn?
This is the best chance we have
of apprehending Kirk.
This represents a five-alarm fire
to national security.
Which is why we can't
shut down our system.
The only way to learn how deeply we've
been penetrated is to find the Thrushes.
We shut down our system now,
they'll know we're on to them and rabbit.
Okay, Harold.
Let them run out some line.
But keep your thumb
on the drag...
...or you're likely to find
a bird's nest on your reel.
Not a word. Absolute gibberish.
Well, let me translate.
Don't screw up.
I've been thinking...
...you and I, we...
We got a problem.
The way I see it...
...whoever shot you
is gonna shoot somebody else...
...and dump them
where they dumped you...
...and see you're not there.
And he's gonna come looking.
Or...
...somebody reports you missing...
...and the cops come looking...
...or...
...I just let you go...
...and you talk about
what happened here...
...and whoever you talk to
comes looking.
And I don't like visitors.
So, what I'm trying to figure out is...
...what exactly
am I gonna do with you?
No one...
...is coming.
Is that a fact?
I tried to kill myself.
- Well, where's the gun?
- Somewhere back in the woods.
Well, I don't suppose
you could lead me to it.
I can't remember, I...
...crawled away.
Well, you left a trail.
I'm a tracker.
We'll see.
I think camera two
a smidge to the left.
- Juicy Deucey.
- Hello.
A hair to the left, please.
No, your other left, genius.
- No...
- It's still messing up.
I got it, I got it.
Got it, got it, got it.
Chester's made some significant
upgrades to your security.
- He's an absolute marvel.
- How nice.
All I need now is a barbed-wire fence
and guard towers.
- Any word from Kirk?
- You mean my father?
Honestly, Elizabeth,
it astounds me...
...that you could be hornswoggled
by something...
...as simple to fabricate as
a DNA profile.
Not just the DNA.
It's memories.
Places I recognize.
Things we did together.
A time capsule
we buried in the yard...
...no one would know about.
Just because
he was your mother's husband...
- ...doesn't make him your father.
- You know what you sound like?
Desperate.
Just a suspect caught in a lie.
I have never lied to you.
Yes, this is she.
I'll be along shortly. Thanks.
It was a shoe repair-shop
in Georgetown I've never heard of.
He says I left my phone there.
Kirk.
There's only one number saved.
International prefix 40.
Romania. No doubt untraceable.
Masha.
Tell me about Agnes.
She's healthy.
She's happy.
Can't wait to see her mother.
- You could make that happen.
- I want to.
But as long as you refuse
to shield her from Reddington...
...I can't.
- I got your SVR file.
Your DNA profile was in it.
I know you're my father.
Then you know Reddington lied to you.
Yes.
There's no reason
not to be together.
- What are you suggesting?
- A meeting.
Just the two of us and Agnes.
That won't be easy.
Reddington has his goons
guarding me 24/7.
- Because he doesn't trust you.
- I'll work something out.
Contact you.
You were very convincing.
That's because I meant every word.
I don't trust her.
You trust no one.
That's why
you're so valuable to me.
But in this matter, I do urge you
to trust me and my judgment.
A case file on Jaipur.
Everything we have on Thrushes...
...which is nothing.
No source code,
no traceable malware?
Quite the opposite.
Cheeky bastards
actually debugged the system...
...before uploading the virus.
Of that, of course, there wasn't a trace.
How does a computer virus do this?
By taking operational control
of the plant...
...causing speed variations
in the centrifuges...
...leading to failure and the release...
...of pressurized
uranium-hexafluoride gas.
They were all engineers?
Thirty-eight murders that are
impossible to solve.
Unless only 37 were killed.
What do you mean?
This victim is not an engineer.
And she is most certainly not dead.
I knew she was too hot for him.
When Aram finds out,
he's going to be crushed.
Then he's gonna
wear his heart on his sleeve...
...and his little girlfriend here
is gonna know we're onto her.
We can't keep this from him.
That's exactly what we're gonna do.
Our objective is to feed the Thrushes
disinformation to draw out Kirk.
The only way to do that is
by keeping Aram in the dark.
Or you can let me interrogate her.
- Five minutes and I'll have Kirk.
- Maybe.
It'd take Kirk two minutes
to find out we're onto him.
Then we lose him, the Thrushes...
...and any hope of assessing...
...how badly the breach at the Post
Office has damaged national security.
Aram.
- Are you all right?
- What's wrong?
Everything.
Everything's wrong.
Sir, I did as you ordered...
...and isolated the malicious code...
...or remnants of it buried
in our operating system.
At first, I was confused.
Our firewall should have bounced it,
but then...
...I realized the only way
we could have been breached...
...was through social engineering...
...or physical access
with a rubber ducky.
- A what?
- A keystroke-injection attack platform...
...disguised as a thumb drive.
It bypasses
all standard countermeasures...
...by emulating a plug-in keyboard,
reprogramming our host computer...
...as if the hacker
was manually typing in the code.
- The culprit would have to plug it in.
- Yes.
Someone had to dupe an FBI employee
with level-four clearance.
I spent the last 18 hours
collating logins...
...with the first appearance
of the code...
...in order to figure out who got punked,
so we could interview them...
- ...and nail that hacker.
- And it was you.
You knew.
She was a key player
in the Jaipur centrifuge hack.
Why didn't you tell me?
We wanted to,
but we thought if you knew...
...she might pick it up.
Look, you didn't tell her anything,
did you?
No.
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.
I just don't know
how I'm gonna pull this off.
- Pull what off?
- She's coming over for dinner tonight.
I don't think that's a good idea.
No, it is a horrible idea.
But I have to
if we're gonna have any chance...
- ...of accessing the Thrushes' servers.
- What do you mean?
I've got my own rubber ducky.
- What if she doesn't have her laptop?
- Oh, she'll have it.
We're binge-watching
Stranger Things.
Talk about life imitating art.
- How long to upload the worm?
- A few minutes.
I designed it to ping the main servers
and e-mail us GPS coordinates.
- Which wire would you like?
- Well, not the fob. I hate the fob.
- It's too much clanking with the key ring.
- Okay. The pen.
Never been on the...
The sending side of one.
Yeah, I don't know if I can do this.
This is an LCR.357.
- It's light, reliable...
- No.
- Am I gonna shoot my girlfriend?
- She's not your girlfriend.
She's a hostile operative,
and you're a federal agent.
I'm not sending you in there
without a piece, do you understand?
I'm not like you.
I'm really scared.
I know, but I promise you'll be fine.
I'll have your back.
No safety catch.
You just draw, point, and shoot.
Five shots, fully loaded.
If anything goes wrong
the safety word is "banana."
- Banana?
- Use it, and in come the Marines.
They better get there before me
because I'll mess that bitch up.
- Really?
- Oh, yeah, really.
Okay.
Good luck.
That dream date.
The crispy beef.
Ginger beer.
That was all you, wasn't it?
I knew it was too good
to be true.
When I turned myself in, I never
imagined things could have turned out...
...this badly.
What did you expect?
I knew it'd be hard, but I...
...never expected that it would get...
...harder with every day.
It shouldn't be a surprise.
There was a chance she'd discover
Kirk was her father...
...when you put him on your list.
He was never on it.
He never would have been
if he hadn't come after her first.
If anyone belongs on that cursed list
it's Alexander Kirk.
Why wouldn't you put him there?
- He's my father.
- She's our daughter.
You know what's gonna happen
if I make that call.
He's the only one who can give me
answers about my past, my mother.
They'll put him in a hole.
I'll never see him again.
If you don't,
we may never see Agnes again.
I knew it would complicate things.
I'd be forced to take security measures,
things she'd hate.
Now all I see
is the resentment in her eyes.
I'm suffocating her, Harold.
You sure?
She's our daughter.
- You've decided.
- You abducted me once.
What assurances do I have
you won't do it again?
Things have changed. The DNA test.
I want this to be real.
I'll contact you with instructions.
I'm sorry, I couldn't wait. I know.
I have no self-control,
but I watched the last three episodes.
You're probably gonna hate me,
but you'll never believe what happens.
- What?
- The last episodes. Stranger Things.
Yeah.
Can't wait.
Aram, what's...?
What's going on?
You seem preoccupied.
Me? No. I'm just...
I forgot. I got wine.
You don't drink.
It's for you.
It's supposed to go great with...
- Puttanesca?
- Yes, yum.
Puttanesca.
- You never told me about your day.
- Oh, you know, the usual FBI stuff.
You know, good guys, bad guys.
Oh, they got cheese nibs
for the snack machine downstairs.
- So, so awesome.
- Cheese nibs.
- He's fine.
- He's like a gerbil on meth.
I know, right? I love cheese nibs.
I don't love them as much
as Goldfish...
...but it's a huge... It's a huge...
- Oh, God, oh, God.
- Oh, God.
- I'm such a klutz.
- No, no.
It's what I love about you.
You know what?
Just give me a...
Give me a second to go change.
He's uploading now.
Aram? You okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, everything's...
Everything is great.
Are you hungry? Because I sure am.
I am hungry.
We shouldn't.
- Your sauce, I think it's burning.
- We can order takeout.
No, I'm serious.
We're gonna set this place on fire.
Sounds good.
No, no, no.
Elise, no. No.
- I'm serious. Just not now.
- God.
Okay?
Are you gonna tell me
what's going on?
I don't want to cause a fire.
I know you, Aram.
You're lying to me.
You're hiding something
and we're not going anywhere...
...until you tell me what it is.
Tell me, Aram, now. The truth.
- Nothing.
- He's in trouble.
You're lying. I can tell.
Okay, you're right.
There's something. There's...
...someone else.
Someone else? What?
Who? What are you talking about?
I am in love with someone else.
- It's Samar, isn't it?
- What? No.
- That girl from your office.
- Of course not. Not her.
- God, I feel so stupid.
- No. No, don't.
I don't want you to feel stupid.
This is all my fault.
I should have told you about...
Not Samar... I don't want you to feel...
- What?
- Has our tap been compromised?
One minute.
It's work.
- No, everything's fine.
- Are you quite certain?
Absolutely. Why?
Because your client is about to expose
himself on the basis of your intel.
If you're wrong
and he is harmed in any way...
...I will personally see to it
that you...
...and the Thrushes are exterminated.
Now, are you certain?
Fine. I'll run another system check.
Good. You do that.
I'll call back in 10 minutes.
Quack, quack, bitch.
Banana.
I could use a banana.
Okay, okay. Banana.
Okay, okay, okay.
Oh, Jesus. No.
Drop it!
Hey.
I got this.
- Notify when you have the asset.
- You all right?
Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
What part of "banana"
did you not understand?
We have the target in custody.
We have a tap on her computer,
and thanks to Aram...
- ...we'll find the Thrushes.
- We busted Kirk's mole.
That'll make him suspicious.
No.
I mean, yes, of course
but he was already suspicious.
When we were together
she got a call.
Kirk's people.
They wanted final verification
that the tap had not been compromised.
Once she was in custody,
we had her notify them...
- ...that the tap was clear.
- By phone?
Yes. At gunpoint.
So, what you're saying is
you heard her say the tap was clean...
...but for all you know she could
have been sending some message.
A signal that everything was not okay.
Are you suggesting we call it off?
What I am suggesting is...
...Kirk's supposed to be the one
walking into a trap here, not me.
We'll have safeguards in place.
Security won't be compromised.
I don't believe Elizabeth's concern
is about her security...
...or her daughter's.
That is my only concern.
Clearly, your only concern
is that it might bother me...
...that I'm about to entrap
my biological father.
That because of me,
he's gonna go to prison for life.
If I go through with this...
...you will be my only link
to my past.
I lost Sam, I lost my mother.
I'll lose Kirk,
and whatever you want to call him...
...he was married to my mother.
He raised me as a child...
...and he's willing to do
what you are not:
Tell me about who I am.
Liz.
We got word from Kirk.
He texted the burner phone.
The meeting's set.
5:30 a.m.
"Manhattan. BMT Nassau street line.
Delancey Street and Bowery."
That station's
been abandoned for years.
Call FBI, SWAT, New York.
I'll be handling Kirk
on my own, Harold.
- If you expect us to stand down...
- I do...
...if you expect this relationship
to continue.
You sure about this?
No.
I'm not sure about any of this.
You lied to me.
I didn't.
Shooting yourself
isn't a spectator sport.
Motion-activated.
Three come in.
Two go out.
Are you gonna get straight with me...
...or are we gonna
keep playing games?
It's her.
- Masha.
- It's off. We can't meet. It's not safe.
No, no, no. I secured the location.
You have my word you'll be safe.
The FBI knows about your mole.
They've got her in custody.
- Reddington tipped them.
- They know about our meeting.
The time, location, I'm telling you.
- It's a trap.
- Are you still willing to meet?
- You, me, and Agnes.
- It's not just the FBI.
- Reddington knows.
- Doesn't matter.
- I have an alternate location.
- What are you doing?
Masha, listen to me very closely.
Here's what I want you to do.
Maintenance tunnels here,
here and here...
...give us access
to the rendezvous point.
Elizabeth left 10 minutes before us.
We need to breach in five.
Where's Agnes?
Masha.
You said three of us.
Where is she?
Close.
I'll bring her to you as soon
as Reddington has been dealt with.
What are you talking about?
Smile, solnishko.
In less than five minutes,
he'll be dead.
I have a small army awaiting his arrival
at the Delancey Street station.
- That wasn't our agreement.
- No.
But you know as well as I do
it needs to be done.
I picked you...
...over him.
I lied to everyone for you.
Now you want to kill him?
- You can't do that.
- I'm doing this for us.
I know you're sick.
I know Agnes and I are nothing more
than possible donors for you.
Oh, come now.
You know if that were true,
all of this would've been resolved...
...with your abduction.
True, it's a consideration...
...but the only circumstance
under which I'll accept help...
...is if it's given freely.
We had a deal.
Patience, dove.
Romina.
You'll see, solnishko.
Soon, you will be free.
Don't shoot! He's got Agnes!
Down.
Don't!
You may lack the courage to do
what must be done, but I do not.
I will take her with me.
One way or the other.
This is madness, Constantin.
Because you cannot have that child,
you'll take her...
...forever, from her mother?
It's madness.
Constantin, this needs to end now.
Yes, you're right.
It needs to end.
Stand down. Stand down!
Don't do this.
There is no other way, solnishko.
This man that took your mother
away from us took you from me.
He won't have my granddaughter.
And I hate him as much
as you do for it.
But if you love me...
...if you ever loved me...
...just give her to me.
Please.
Please, Father.
- I was an idiot.
- No.
You were human.
You wanted something,
and she was trained to exploit that.
- Trained or born?
- You tell me.
You did a good job...
...playing the
I'm-in-love-with-another-woman card.
Nicely done.
I thought you'd like to know
that I'm rescinding my transfer request.
What?
That's great. I mean...
For real?
Because if that's true...
- ...we have to celebrate, right?
- Do you like Paco's Tacos?
I was told there were some...
...leftovers upstairs in the fridge.
I love them.
I just wanted to thank you
for trusting me.
Trusting the plan.
I understand what a...
...leap of faith it must have been.
Not really,
considering what was at stake.
May I?
She's a beautiful girl.
Yeah, she is.
So now that Kirk has been captured...
...we are no longer gonna live
under your guard.
We're gonna find a place of our own.
I know.
Good night, Elizabeth.
Tom.